c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll.config
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.pdb
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.pdb
c:\users\kunal.kakkad\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll.config
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.pdb
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\HtmlRenderer.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\HtmlRenderer.pdb
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.pdb
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel-wpf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering-wpf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering-wpf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\OpenHtmlToPdf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\PdfSharp.Charting-wpf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\PdfSharp-wpf.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel-wpf.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.Rendering-wpf.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\MigraDoc.RtfRendering-wpf.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\PdfSharp.Charting-wpf.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\PdfSharp-wpf.xml
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\de\MigraDoc.DocumentObjectModel-wpf.resources.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\de\MigraDoc.Rendering-wpf.resources.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\de\MigraDoc.RtfRendering-wpf.resources.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\de\PdfSharp.Charting-wpf.resources.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\bin\de\PdfSharp-wpf.resources.dll
D:\Gitdata\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web\obj\Debug\CRUDwithWebAPIandAngular.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
